- he ... not
the eagles what are you doing next
2 at their side
this golf player
several days of competition what are you doing here
what am I doing left that
from my job my job actually i'm the personal trainer coach
sophrologist
I will be able to exercise all let know and professional skills
within coachclub
which for those who were looking for
muscle building of relaxation and this amount of a little bit of
time
in the Basque country ah that means whatever I quote ness
2 the sport of high competition is
they also have
for the arranged close
a real report in front of the om
this port of
a competition that brought me to fitness
judo competitors for
I had a selection championship of France
present in china without basketball where I do a sport and turin swimming I
past lifeguards and I have always been linked to the sport
and it brought me little by little to become aware Tunisian body
to avallon of a muscular strength building activity
of stretching it makes me realize that every activity that on judo golf
the surf needed this complementarity
with muscle building the street fishing and we still have plenty
other disciplines that I could weight afterwards
and then a city of the radio
it is a mare why c afp francois I still teach you
I teach you to build the pact that links to me proud
e I teach you pigalle mans to relax you relax
because there is really a real connection
in my experience I would not have been in the sport since I was little
my job
and at one point j and the mans understood that it was not all there
had a body hygiene
that like even a kit young people of the mind
% and consciousness it comes relaxation meditation
he plans to go up
the performance after the person's head
but m the locals
everyday are also entitled az his skills to be
even better
every day in their life in their job
at the back to two million cubic feet of abdominal strengthening and
then what else besides abdominal then the occult deborah has some
shoulders
from the back chest to so people for six months and it's really very
very very complete she would not have to fire for a simple reason the others
members it scares
But it's not enough
a first part of dice
that's what I can do to you
there it's done
there was a culture as product specialist pronounced
the word sophrology new reflection meditation the recipe this sector
16% consisted of six counts so in fact I'm a sports mental trainer
while little especially golfer
this launch no sport after world turned towards evening the indoor game
let's leave that affects the activity
and james astor without sulfur logis -
in this project that I spent in France chanting north
who go
allow me this is that club
two proposed
of meditation
of relaxation it's going to be really an evolutionary digest
really turned to self on his conscience on a way of thinking
positive ramoin wellness interior
that people at home can do regularly every day and
really become aware of the importance of this work on their lives
daily
I understand it's about it
the french golf champion or india
of bernard thevenet
world championships or games
the butcher the baker%
the month
18%
the director would be behind that he is concerned also by this kind of
player of course he is concerned
and even further up higher we have
the longest in France attributed the mental preparation to relaxation these
disciplines and even sports to the high-level athlete
who have the showcase
but for me the businessman
of the everyday man
hello we can cross
need more and more efficient points his activity activities
job
we find someone
better in everyday life to really need all his
skills that she is at the level of the sport that her level of relaxation
only at his level of meditation
in the kent we take the bets
all those who will follow you are better
everyone who has at least 39 and some
to be better at the physical level that will be put at the mental level
psychological they will be put in their everyday lives in their
bobos are going
perform a little more in their work
they will really really go out
every day the goods benefit benefited from these sessions is sure I
am certain
in some cases
the bet held this year
brest in him